Refactor 'Improve extension security'. (#7247)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/migrating/improve-security/index.md

## Remove remotely hosted code {: #remove-remote-code }

In Manifest V3, all of your extension's logic must be part of the extension package. You can no longer load and execute remotely hosted files according to [Chrome Web Store policy](/docs/webstore/program-policies/mv3-requirements/). Examples include:

- JavaScript files pulled from the developer's server.
- Any library hosted on a [CDN][mdn-cdn].

> - Some third-party libraries.

Reviewer: I find this a bit unspecified, I'd suggest combining the last two items into:

```
- Bundled third-party libraries that dynamically fetch remote hosted code.
```

Author: Done.

- How third-party libraries are used by your code.

Alternative approaches are available, depending on your use case and the reason for remote hosting. This section describes approaches to consider.

### Configuration-driven features and logic {: #configuration-drive }

Your extension loads and caches a remote configuration (for example a JSON file) at runtime. The cached configuration determines which features are enabled.

### Externalized logic with a remote service {: #externalize-with-remote }

Your extension calls a remote web service. This lets you keep code private and change it as needed while avoiding the extra overhead of resubmitting to the Chrome Web Store.

### Embed remotely hosted code in a sandboxed iframe {: #embed-in-sandbox }

> Remotely hosted code [is supported in sandboxed iframes][sandbox-eval]. Unfortunately, this approach does not work if the code requires access to the embedding page's DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remotely hosted code [is supported in sandboxed iframes][sandbox-eval]. Please note that this approach does not work if the code requires access to the embedding page's DOM.
```

`Unfortunately` is the wrong word here as it is "by design" and intended.

> The [Chrome Extension Samples repo](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples.git) contains a [function injection example](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples/blob/main/reference/mv3/intro/mv3-migration/content-scripts/popup.js) you can step through. An example of `getCurrentTab()` is in the [reference](/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#get-the-current-tab) for that function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Chrome Extension Samples repo](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples.git) contains a [function injection example](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples/blob/main/functional-samples/reference.mv3-content-scripts/popup.js) you can step through. An example of `getCurrentTab()` is in the [reference](/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#get-the-current-tab) for that function.
```

### Look for other workarounds {: #look-for-workarounds }

> If the previous approaches don’t help with your use case you might have to either find an alternative solution (i.e. migrate to a different library) or find other ways to use the library's functionality. For example, in the case of Google Analytics, you can switch to the Google measurement protocol instead of using the official remote hosted JavaScript version as described in our [Google Analytics 4 guide][google-analytics].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the previous approaches don’t help with your use case you might have to either find an alternative solution (i.e. migrate to a different library) or find other ways to use the library's functionality. For example, in the case of Google Analytics, you can switch to the Google measurement protocol instead of using the official remotely-hosted JavaScript version as described in our [Google Analytics 4 guide][google-analytics].
```
